Mandatory part:

1. In the most concise way possible, answer this question, what is 42? How would you describe 42 to someone who doesn’t know what 42 is?

42 offers computer programming and software engineering programs that differs from the traditional education industry. At 42 students are responsible of their own success and their classmates. It is a collaborative learning environment where students able to try, learn from mistakes, and succeed. 42 introduces a project as a quest or mission, and when those tests and projects are completed a certain amount of points added to the student’s progress bar, bringing them closer to reaching the next level. This project-based learning and gamification mindset eliminate the pressure and stigma of failure and incentivize students to continue raising their efforts.

2. Why are there no instructions on the initial 42 logic tests?

N/A

3. What are the core 42 principles?

creativity, communication and teamwork

4. If somebody is thinking of going to 42, but has no coding experience - do you really think it’s worth their time?

Yes, anyone who is interested in tech and wants to learn programming can try and learn. 

5. What makes 42 unique?

Peer-to-peer learning, gamification mindset, project-based work, 0 tutition fee. 

6. What do you think you’re learning the most at 42?

Reverse engineering, time management, teamwork & collaboration. 

7. Imagine (this will happen very soon in real life!), you’ve been stuck on the problem for a while and have no idea what  to do - what your next steps would be?

Ask someone who may help. 

8. How will you ensure that your personal level of motivation remains high on a daily basis to complete at least 1 level per month without the Piscine pressure and strict deadlines?

Able to learn and see the improvement in my code. 

9. If someone asks you why it says internships are required on the 42 website, but they do not offer job placement, what would you say? 

Internships are a great way to practice what you learn. 42 gives you the tools to succeed, hackathons and events are offered occasionally on campus to network.

10. How do the internships work? Is it mandatory that you have to reach a certain level before leaving on an internship or can you validate it anytime you find one?

Yes. The requirements are successfully completing “Savoir relier” or “Curriculum Vitae”, validate 5 exams more than 75%, validating the big project of one of the four proposed branches (RT, Corewar, 42sh, Hypertube) and be at least level 7.

11. How does 42 help you adapt to a work place?

42 gives you the group & interpersonal skills including time management, project management, reverse engineering that you need in a work place.

Bonus:

pstringe: KIFT
song: KIFT
nobrien: ft_vox
tadet: own startup
dphuntso: Push_swap 
